parent nodes: [ObjC](ObjC.html)\
\

常见错误 {.heading-level2}
--------

SVN\
 (1)\
 Authentication realm: \<svn://********************.net:3690\>
********************-********************\
 Password for 'svn': \
 Authentication realm: \<svn://********************.net:3690\>
********************-********************\
 Username: svn: Can't read stdin: End of file found\
 I solved the problem this way\
 \
 1.open a terminal\
 \
 2.type 'svn list svn://\~\~\~paths'\
 \
 ie. "NJW-Mac:\~ bluepin\$ svn list svn://192.168.0.184/BMA"\
 \
 3.You will need to enter PCUserPassword,svnUserID,svnUserPassword\
 \
 4.U should see output from the svn list command which means you were
able to connect to the SVN server\
 \
 5.return to xcode4\
 \
 6.try again your job(connect Repositories)\
 \
 If u access your SVN repository from the terminal once it should allow
you to connect to the repositories using Xcode (I suspect the subversion
credentials have to be cached somewhere).\
 \
 (2)\
 碰到“local declaration “XXX”hide instance variable” \
 1. 与系统变量重名，或这自己类你变量有重名\
 \
 (3)\
 为什么我在xcode中删除了文件还是会报“file missing”的警告\
 \
 \
 我在xcode中删除了文件的引用，但是没有删除文件。

这是由于svn中还有这个文件的信息造成的，你肯定用了svn来管理代码。\
 \
 解决办法是在svn中删除这个文件的信息\
 Svn rm filepath/filename\
 \
 (4) \
 svn添加带@文件名的文件添加不进去的问题\
 \
 在文件后再添加一个@就可以了\
 svn add ‘jva@2x.png@’就可以添加文件jva@2x.png\
 \
 （5）svnX有一个bug\
 \
 when mac os system language is Chinese\
 and Xcode source encode is UTF-8, svnX may not compare file when file
have Chinese symbol like "年" "’"(中文单引号), it will think the file's
encoding as "Mac 简体中文", not as UTF-8.\
 \
 so the solution is change your system language to English, so svnX can
think your source file encoding as English encoding like UTF-8.\
 \
 \
 (6) Exc\_bad\_access\
 \

[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1622079/break-on-exc-bad-access-in-xcode](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1622079/break-on-exc-bad-access-in-xcode)\
 \
 For any EXC\_BAD\_ACCESS errors, you are usually trying to send a
message to a released object. The BEST way to track these down is use
NSZombieEnabled.\
 \
 This works by never actually releasing an object, but by wrapping it up
as a "zombie" and setting a flag inside it that says it normally would
have been released. This way, if you try to access it again, it still
know what it was before you made the error, and with this little bit of
information, you can usually backtrack to see what the issue was.\
 \
 It especially helps in background threads when the Debugger sometimes
craps out on any useful information.\
 \
 VERY IMPORTANT TO NOTE however, is that you need to 100% make sure this
is only in your debug code and not your distribution code. Because
nothing is ever released, your app will leak and leak and leak. To
remind me to do this, I put this log in my appdelegate:\
 if(getenv("NSZombieEnabled") ||
getenv("NSAutoreleaseFreedObjectCheckEnabled"))

If you need help finding the exact line, Do a Build-and-Debug (CMD-Y)
instead of a Build-and-Run (CMD-R). When the app crashes, the debugger
will show you exactly which line and in combination with
NSZombieEnabled, you should be able to find out exactly why.\
 \
 \
 (7)SIGABRT\
 \
 产生的原因

(8)[self.tableView deleteRowsAtIndexPaths:[NSArray
arrayWithObject:indexPath]
withRowAnimation:UITableViewRowAnimationFade];出现SIGABRT\
 等待解决？？？？？？？？？？？？？？\
 It tells you what the problem is: You are free'ing memory when it has
already been done, probably by sending too many release messages to an
object.\
 \
 Run in debug mode and it will probably stop right away at the correct
line of code. Then, trace back what you do that object.\
 \
 \
 (9)[XCode](XCode.html):Couldn't register XX with the bootstrap server.
Error: unknown error code\
 \
 \
 \
 Log：\
 Couldn't register com.\${appname}.xxx with the bootstrap server. Error:
unknown error code.\
 This generally means that another instance of this process was already
running or is hung in the debugger.\
 \
 解决方法 ：\
 !!!!!!!!!!!!重启设备\
 \
 开发经历 ：\

项目是Universal版的，模拟器上都没问题，在iPhone/Touch上测也没有问题，但运行iPad上就这个错误！\
 \
 \
 (10)Backslash newline at end of file warning\
 e problem is that there's no new-line character in the end of your
code. C++ Standard §2.1/2 says:\
 \
 \<...\>If a source file that is not empty does not end in a new-line
character, or ends in a new-line character immediately preceded by a
backslash character, the behavior is undefined.\
 \
 如果，文件最后是一个宏，\
 （1）\
 \#define IMPLEMENT\_MESSAGE\_ROUTABLE \
 -(void)RouteMessage:(NSString**)mes withContext:(id)context {**

}[文件在这里终止]\
 \
 (2)\
 \#define IMPLEMENT\_MESSAGE\_ROUTABLE \
 -(void)RouteMessage:(NSString)mes withContext:(id)context {

}\
 [换行到了这一行]\
 \
 (1)有问题，（2）没问题\
 \
 \
 (11)iPad: PNG Crush error\
 \

[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5387671/ipad-png-crush-error](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5387671/ipad-png-crush-error)\
 \

图片格式有问题，不是png的存成了png，用图片浏览器打开，再重存一遍，存为png\
 \
 Did you check whether the file Users/kavapanga/Desktop/iPAD/ALN II 3
latest 2/trunk/Resourses/images/CS\_logo\_for\_top\_bar.png exists? Also
check if it is infact a PNG file. Right click on the file and do a Get
Info to check if the file has any other extension and is marked as hide
extension. If you are not sure of the format of the file, opening the
file and save it as a PNG file again should work ,most of the time.\
 \
 \
 (12)Semantic Issue: Property's synthesized getter follows Cocoa naming
convention for returning 'owned' objects\
 \

[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6327448/semantic-issue-propertys-synthesized-getter-follows-cocoa-naming-convention-fo](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6327448/semantic-issue-propertys-synthesized-getter-follows-cocoa-naming-convention-fo)\
 \
 I'm currently using the iOS 5 SDK trying to develop my app. I'm trying
to make an NSString a property, and then to synthesize it in the .m file
(I have done this before with no issues). Now, I came across this:
"Semantic Issue: Property's synthesized getter follows Cocoa naming
convention for returning 'owned' objects."\
 \
 This is my code: .h\
 \
 @interface ViewController : UIViewController {

.m\
 \
 @synthesize newTitle;\
 Does anyone have a clue how I could fix this? Thanks!!\
 \
 \
 My guess is that the compiler version you’re using follows the memory
management rules for declared properties, too — more specifically, for
declared properties’ accessors:\
 \
 You take ownership of an object if you create it using a method whose
name begins with “alloc”, “new”, “copy”, or “mutableCopy”.\
 \
 A property named newTitle, when synthesised, yields a method called
-newTitle, hence the warning/error. -newTitle is supposed to be a getter
method for the newTitle property, however naming conventions state that
a method whose name begins with new returns an object that’s owned by
the caller, which is not the case of getter methods.\
 \
 You can solve this by:\
 \
 Renaming that property:\
 \
 @property (strong, nonatomic) NSString **theNewTitle;\
 Keeping the property name and specifying a getter name that doesn’t
begin with one of the special method name prefixes:\
 \
 @property (strong, nonatomic, getter=theNewTitle) NSString**newTitle;\
 Keeping both the property name and the getter name, and telling the
compiler that, even though the getter name starts with new, it belongs
to the none method family as opposed to the new method family:\
 \
 \#ifndef *\_has\_attribute\
 \#define \_\_has\_attribute(x) 0 // Compatibility with non-clang
compilers\
 \#endif\
 \
 \#if \_\_has\_attribute(objc\_method\_family)\
 \#define BV\_OBJC\_METHOD\_FAMILY\_NONE
\_\_attribute\_*((objc\_method\_family(none)))\
 \#else\
 \#define BV\_OBJC\_METHOD\_FAMILY\_NONE\
 \#endif\
 \
 @interface ViewController : UIViewController\
 @property (strong, nonatomic) NSString **newTitle;\
 - (NSString**)newTitle BV\_OBJC\_METHOD\_FAMILY\_NONE;\
 @end\
 Note that even though this solution allows you to keep newTitle as both
the property name and the getter name, having a method called -newTitle
that doesn’t return an object owned by the caller can be confusing for
other people reading your code.\
 \
 For the record, Apple have published Transitioning to ARC Release
Notes, in which they state:\
 \
 You cannot give a property a name that begins with new.\
 \
 They’ve already been notified that their statement is not quite
accurate: the culprit is the getter method name, not the property name.\
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 (13)Could not support development.\
 \
 Xcode Organizer says "Could not support development"
（解决方案很简单：device关机再开机, s拔下来再插上去） \
 \
 出自：\

[http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/qa/qa2009/qa1664.html](http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/qa/qa2009/qa1664.html)\
 \
 Technical Q&A QA1664Xcode Organizer says "Could not support
development"\
 Q: When I have my iPhone or iPod touch attached to my Mac, the Xcode
Organizer shows the message "Could not support development." What does
this mean and what can I do so I can continue to do development on my
device?\
 Figure 1: Xcode Organizer with Message\
 \
 A: This is a common message that results when the communications
channel used by Xcode to talk to the device has stopped working. This
can happen after the device has sat idle for a while.\
 The solution is simple; just turn the device completely off by pressing
and holding the Sleep/Wake button for a few seconds until the red slider
appears, then drag the slider. Then turn the device back on.\
 Document Revision History\
 Date Notes\
 2009-09-08 New document that shows what to do when Xcode can no longer
communicate with your device.\
 Posted: 2009-09-08\
 \
 \
 \
 出自：\

[http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/qa/qa2009/qa1664.html](http://developer.apple.com/iphone/library/qa/qa2009/qa1664.html)\
 \
 \
 (14)[XCode](XCode.html) 4 hangs at “Attaching to (app name)” \
 \
 my solution restert simulator\
 other solutin like
[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5382968/xcode-4-hangs-at-attaching-to-app-namesss](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/5382968/xcode-4-hangs-at-attaching-to-app-namesss)\
 \
 \
 (15) use command line to build xcode project got error "codesign User
Interaction is not allowed"\
 because I run the .sh file from SSH client, the 授权
不行，直接在这个电脑通过命令行就可以了\
 \
 reference:
[http://devnet.jetbrains.net/thread/311971](http://devnet.jetbrains.net/thread/311971)\
 ss\
 \
 (16) error launch remote programm\
 \
 can build into device, but cannot start,\
 \
 solutions: replace provisions to the lastest\
 \
 \
 (17) xcode插入新设备代码预编译出现问题，全部一个颜色，一个高亮\
 \
 解决方法是，找到，该项目devired data，关掉xcode，删除devired
data，再重新启动xcode即可\
 \
 \
 （18）Cannot empty trash because item is in use \
 \
 Sometimes it is not possible to empty the trash because an item is in
use. There are many possible causes for this; here is one thing to try
to eliminate the error. \
 Go to Finder and select Finder » Secure Empty Trash.\
 If this operation gets stuck, open the Activity Monitor utility and
force quit the Locum process.\
 Enter your admin password when requested.\
 Go back to Finder and select Finder » Empty Trash.\
 This fixed it for me. \
 \
 \
 (19) dyld: lazy symbol binding failed: Symbol not found:
\_objc\_retain\
 crash on iOS 4.x and [XCode](XCode.html) over 4.4\
 \
 because \
 \

(void)load {.heading-level1}
==========

{

}\
 \
 PSMenuItem require ARC, but +(void)load method was call before load ACR
lib, so crash\
 \

[http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11551927/symbol-not-found-objc-retainautoreleasedreturnvalue-running-arc-compiled-code](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11551927/symbol-not-found-objc-retainautoreleasedreturnvalue-running-arc-compiled-code)\
 \
 I am not 100% sure, but it seems runtime mechanism has been slightly
changed since Xcode 4.4, that ARC-enabled project will start linking
libarclite\_xxx.a (for iOS4) AFTER class's +(void)load is called
(previously, it was BEFORE).\
 \
 In more detail, method call goes like this in Xcode \<= 4.3:\
 \
 LINKING libarclite\_xxx.a\
 class's +load\
 class category's +load\
 int main()\
 class's +initialize\
 and in Xcode \>= 4.4:\
 \
 class's +load\
 LINKING libarclite\_xxx.a\
 class category's +load\
 int main()\
 class's +initialize\
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \
 \

